- You okay?
- It is hard.
We have done our duty.
Notified Conner's friends
and family,
attended multiple
memorial services,
and the lighting
of this hologram.
Yet, it still does not
seem real.
Maybe you need to
take a moment to process.
You know, when Tula died,
you never had time to mourn.
Instead, you immediately went
undercover with Black Manta.
And when Wally died,
I was a total jerk,
and dumped the whole team
on you,
not thinking about
your grief at all.
I understood.
And Aquaman resigned,
and you not only took up
his mantle,
but lead the Justice League
through some of
its darkest hours.
And now Conner?
Kaldur, you've always been
the leader, the adult,
the rock we all lean on,
but maybe you need to
take a break,
before all this breaks you.
No, I will be fine.
I have to be.
Thank you for your concern,
but I have
a conference tomorrow
in Poseidonis
which I must prepare for.
Delegates of
the great city-states
of Atlantis,
I welcome you to
the opening ceremonies
of our annual conference.
Since we have new faces here,
allow me to introduce
my cabinet.
Mera Nereus, Princess of Xebel,
Queen of Atlantis,
Headmistress of
the Conservatory of Sorcery,
and Minister of Magic.
Vulko of Poseidonis,
Minister of Science.
Commander Ondine of Poseidonis,
Minister of Security.
Garth of Crastinus,
Minister of Diplomacy.
And Kaldur'ahm of Shayeris,
Aquaman of the Justice League,
and Minister of Justice.
And now, if the delegates
would be so kind.
I am Lord Ronal of Crastinus
in the Arctic Ocean.
Prime Minister Topo
of Lemuria
in the North Pacific.
Emissary Coral of Neptunos
in the South Pacific.
I am Nanaue Sha'ark,
King of Nanauve
and the Southern Ocean.
General Lori Lemaris
of Tritonis
in the Indian Ocean.
First Citizen Calvin Durham
of Shayeris
in the North Atlantic.
And from Xebel
in the South Atlantic,
no one.
Xebel insults us
with this absence.
I'm leaving.
Seems a shame to depart
without accomplishing anything.
My friends, I am certain
the delegate from Xebel
will join us
by the time
the conference proper
begins tomorrow.
We did have plans for this day,
but let us adjourn.
We invite you all to
sample the pleasures
of Poseidonis.
See how Orin
flaunts the wealth
of Poseidonis to shame us.
You must contact
your father again.
He must send someone.
Anyone who can be here
by tomorrow.
I will try.
Artur, help me.
I'm completely surrounded.
Never fear, La'gaan.
Aquaboy will save you.
Neptune's beard.
You saved me, Aquaboy.
You're a hero.
Hi.
How did it go?
As expected.
And, as expected,
you are going to be
a wonderful father.
You'll do all right.
We appreciate you keeping
an eye on the prince.
He was keeping an eye on me.
Aquaboy keeps his eyes
on everyone.
I will see you
back at the palace.
Where's Mother going?
To talk to your grandfather.
- Uh-oh.
- Uh-oh, indeed. Come on.
- Up for a night on the town?
- A short one.
- I get tired.
- Lori, General Lemaris, wait.
- You are off duty?
- For the night, yes.
A year ago,
I never would have believed
I could have this life.
What say
you show Delphis around?
She rarely gets to
see Poseidonis.
Uh, Sha'lain'a, I'm sure
Kaldur and Wyynde...
- Would love to host you.
- It would be our pleasure.
Always.
Whoa, that bomb really
knocked me for a loop.
M'gann?
M'gann, where are you?
Uh...
Or where am I?
M'gann.
Our mental link... is severed.
Hey... Hey, are you okay?
Ma'al.
No heat signatures
for either of us.
That's impossible. Unless...
Are we dead?
Ah, this is amazing.
Poseidonis is so much shinier
than Shayeris.
That is one source of trouble
between the city-states,
is it not?
The conflict between the haves
and have nots?
Mm, I saw the same thing
in Mumbai.
Indeed. Bridging those gaps
is one of King Orin's
greatest challenges.
Save politics
for the conference.
Algae, anyone?
Three orders of Black Gold. Enjoy.
Thank you, Minkis. We will.
Uh, how do I...
Simply squeeze and chew.
Whoa! It's good.
Go easy.
Wyynde always orders
the hard stuff.
Why bother with anything else?
It is still hilarious
that one can get drunk
on algae.
- I should go say hello.
- We all should.
Kaldur'ahm.
Lori Lemaris.
Allow me to introduce you
to our friend, Delphis.
Hello, Delphis,
lovely to meet you.
You look well, Lori.
And you look the same, Wyynde.
Like an eel eager to
slither back to Orm
now that he has escaped
from prison.
Lori, please,
that was ten years ago.
Wyynde was young, impressionable.
An idiot. A Purist idiot.
I am ashamed of my actions,
even my thoughts, back then.
And someday I hope to
prove to you that
I have changed.
Well, if Kaldur loves you,
I suppose there's hope.
Well, if it isn't
the little General.
Get drunk
somewhere else, Sha'ark.
Finally, you show some teeth.
If only the rest of Tritonis
had your mettle
when I annexed
its lower territory.
You attacked
without provocation.
Weakness is
its own provocation, chum.
Ah-poh-shohn!
Now, this is
my kind of diplomacy.
Stop this!
We are here to put
old conflicts behind us.
Save your grievances
for the delegates' table.
You must not forget,
we were all friends
and schoolmates once.
Hm. I respect
your strength, schoolmate,
but don't hold out
too much hope
for tomorrow's conference.
Our High King needs
more than a translation spell
to understand our grievances.
For once, I am forced to agree.
Gabrielle?
No, I mean Violet.
I had no wish to
startle you, mo-- Madia...
Mrs. Daou, or Dr. Daou.
Uh, it's fine.
I know it must be strange
to see...
Yes, strange.
But I'm glad you came.
I wanted to thank you.
I believe Samad and I
owe our visas to you.
Oh, it was
Secretary General Troia.
Who only knew about us
because of you, correct?
Please, come in.
- Thanks.
- You just missed Samad.
Did I?
Um, how is he?
He has a new job
on a fishing boat.
This child of the desert
has never fished
a day in his life,
but he seems to love it.
And how are you doing?
Well, I was an eye surgeon
in Qurac before the war.
Now I sell sunglasses
at the Sunglass Igloo.
I'm hoping
my medical credentials
will transfer,
but for now, it's a living.
Is... there a reason
you came by?
The thing is,
I know Gabrielle's faith
was very important to her,
and I wanted to explore
whether Islam
might hold meaning for me.
Uh... Oh?
Well, I'd love to help you.
What would you like to know?
Was he really the best
we could get?
It was all I could do
to get my father to send him.
I hereby call
this conference to order,
and welcome the delegate
from Xebel. Bishop Beluga.
King Nereus continues to
mock us
by sending one
so insignificant.
More experienced leaders
would be here
if Nanauve wasn't killing them
in raids staged across
our borders.
I'll take that as a compliment.
We have lost
some of the old guard
to recent battle.
While others have
voluntarily stepped down
in accordance with
our teachings and prophecies.
We are here to discuss
many issues,
including increased hostility
between our borders,
and inside our algae bars.
But we must remain civil
if we hope to find solutions.
Nanauve's incursions
upon the territories...
Our waters are
warming, thanks to
your surface friends, Orin.
It's killing
my kingdom's krill,
the backbone of our food chain.
Nanauve must take
more territory to survive.
- Keep moving or die.
- Exactly!
No, I can't be dead.
I can feel my heart beat,
so I'm alive,
unless heartbeats are
just a ghostly habit.
But you've got one too.
And you're breathing.
So if we're both alive,
why can't I touch you?
I mean, the ground
feels solid enough
or is that just because
I took it for granted.
Did I take for granted
that you are a ghost
I can't touch?
Maybe if I believe
you're solid.
Okay, then.
Tell you what.
I'll believe you're alive
if you believe I'm alive.
Deal?
Um...
I'm searching for answers
to so many questions,
but maybe we can
start with the hijab.
Gabrielle wore it,
and I've been
reluctant to stop,
but I don't know why.
Why do you wear it?
Like most things of import,
the hijab is many things
to many people.
Different Muslim women wear it
for different reasons,
and some don't wear it at all.
Personally, I choose
to wear the hijab as,
a constant and comforting
reminder of my faith.
A reminder that life
on Earth is temporary.
And I must use
my time wisely
to do good and be
the best person I can be.
I imagine it's not
unlike the reasons
why your super friends
wear such a variety of symbols.
Isn't that true, Halo?
Uh... You know?
Of course, you know.
You saw the footage
from Markovia last year.
It was hard to miss...
Agh!
Ah!
This is your gift. It's...
A work in progress.
Healing other people
is difficult.
But I'm trying.
Trying is all
any of us can do.
With the hijab,
I try to invite others
to focus on more than
my outer appearance,
to look past the unrealistic
standards of society
and see the woman I am inside.
I would like to be judged on
who I am inside,
but would that still work
if I wasn't exactly a woman?
What do you mean?
I just have
so many questions.
Would it be all right to
continue to wear the hijab
while I seek answers?
Many Muslim women,
especially young women
like you,
begin wearing the hijab
inspired by family
or tradition,
before deciding why
or whether it matters to them.
In the end, you must
follow your heart.
Climate change and pollution
from the surface
is devastating our oceans.
Thought your embassy
was supposed to fix that.
It is my highest priority.
But too many surface dwellers
are foolish and stubborn,
obsessed with short-term
economic concerns
that blind them to
the larger issues
facing our planet.
We have larger issues
down here.
I left the surface world
because a lack of opportunity
created an anger
which Black Manta
was eager to exploit.
Yes, yes. We all
know your history.
How you betrayed Manta,
took his woman,
and raised his son
as your own.
Let me be clear,
my biological father
is immaterial.
Calvin Durham is my father
in every way that matters.
Indeed. For how else
does a man of his low status
and dubious history
merit this table
were he not father
to the great Kaldur'ahm.
Ronal, can you please,
for one minute,
stop being
such a pompous codfish.
I... I'm sorry.
I meant no offense.
Everything said of me is true.
My absence of options on land
caused me to make bad choices.
Now I see many of
the same problems
in Shayeris that I saw
in my native San Diego.
The wealth that
begets opportunity,
seen on easy display
in Poseidonis
is largely absent
from the other cities.
Aye, that we can agree on.
I appreciate your
directness, all of you.
I will not pretend
the way forward
will be easy,
but my Cabinet and I believe
we have viable solutions
if we work tog...
Maybe we are dead.
Maybe this is some sort of
Kryptonian afterlife.
You're not Kryptonian, are you?
Hmm. Don't even
know your name.
I gotta call you something,
Maybe... Ghosty?
Yeah, everyone tells me
I suck at naming.
Still it's better than
"Coma Girl," right?
What am I
babbling about?
I need to get you help
and there's none here.
So I guess we keep moving.
But which way?
There's only mist and rocks
for miles in every direction.
Except...
In infrared.
A heat trail.
That's something anyway.
What do you think, Ghosty?
My sentiments exactly.
Agh!
Brother, you have
made a grave error.
Do not think of me
as your brother, Orin.
I am sure I do not.
Agh!
Rodunn!
Coral, please!
The baby!
Rodunn is hurt.
I must go to my husband.
Move!
My wife and husband are there.
Coral, is he...
Is the baby.
We will all be fine
if Ocean-Master
is stopped.
The trident's too powerful.
- Agh!
- I can't maintain my construct.
Agh!
Kaldur!/ La'gann!
Time to cull...
Who dares?
What is Islam?
Again, like all faiths,
it is many things
to many people.
And the Muslim community
is hardly monolithic.
But the basic tenets
are not complicated.
There is no God but God.
No God but the creator
of the heaven and the earth
and everything.
in between.
I met one who
called herself a god.
She had tremendous power,
but was abusive,
petty, spiteful,
greedy, destructive,
poisonous.
Then she was not a god.
She was not God.
God would never cause
such pain and hardship,
nor condone such abuse.
Then what is God?
In our teachings,
God has 99 names,
including Al-Rahim,
The Most Compassionate.
Al-Ra'uf, The Most Merciful,
and Al-Hafiz,
The Protector.
These are all attributes
you may reflect upon
should you continue
this journey.
I found I was proud of you
for turning down
King Brion's offer
to be his queen.
I believe you are
on a good path,
and I believe
I would like to see
where this path leads you.
Wherever it leads you.
Thank you.
Where's the man who saved us?
Who was he?
He had power.
True power.
Orin, the Prophecy.
We'll discuss it later.
Poseidonis needs us.
Are you all right?
I am fine.
I have to be.
Ocean-Master is out there
and we must find him.
Who was that man?
Who in all the Seven Seas
could command such power
and defeat me?
I do not know,
but please calm yourself.
You are injured.
And in the end,
you will triumph,
my Prince.
Do not call me Prince!
I reject that title.
Now and forever,
I am Orm, the Ocean-Master.
It went well,
but the search for
any answer reminds me
of how many more
questions I have.
Like what?
I have been
considering my gender.
And I believe it's time
I decide upon my
preferred pronouns.
Okay, cool.
Uh, what are you thinking?
I'm not sure.
I am not troubled
by she and her.
Yet, perhaps they and them
are a better fit for me?
The whole point is
for you to decide
what fits you best.
Hmm.
Aside from the fact that
I am the sum of both
Gabrielle and Motherbox,
I feel my true gender
is non-binary
neither just female
nor just male.
So I believe I prefer "they."
That's great!
World, allow me
to introduce you
to Violet Harper.
They are the best person
I know.
Hello, world.
Nice to meet you.